1. What are the Pros and Cons of Agile Devemopment?
    p1. Agile handles the changes more dynamically and easily during the development phase.
    p2. The customer can monitor and continously check on the project and its progress more easily
    c1. Agile requires mroe communication which can cost time and money.
    c2. There is a chance of scope creep because the project keeps changing between each sprint.

2. Explain the role and responsibilities of the Scrum Master vs the Product Owner.
    The product owner sets the direction for the team and is responsible for releases ans stakeholder management. on
    the other hand, the scrum master handles Scrum-related tasks including JIRA and leading sprint meetings and daily stand-ups

3. What are the 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle? List at least 2 points on what needs to be discussed during each of these meetings
    m1. Sprint Planning
        p1. Determine what should be completed during the upcoming sprint
        p2. Move stories that are in the sprint scope from backlog to the current sprint

    m2. Daily Stand-up
        p1. Discuss work that has been completed
        p2. Discuss the work planned for the day.

    m3. Sprint Retrospective
        p1. Discuss the work that was completed during the sprint
        p2. Move incomplete work back to backlog and close the sprint

4. Differentiate between Epic, Story, Bug, and Task issue types in JIRA
    An epic is like the parent story of a series of sub stories. It is the overarching problem/feature that is suppose to be completed in the long run.
    Moving on, a story is a software system requirment that is a sub task of the big feature that you are planning on doing. These are the tasks you work on in the sprint.
    So a story only takes up part of the sprint but not more than that, barring any issues that might arise and stall development. A Bug
    is a type of issue and the smallest unit of work amoung all these issue types. It is a problem that arises when working on a story and is probably a small code change to 
    fix the issue and finish the development of a story. Finally, a task is more general than a story. While a story explains a requirment or feature,
    a task can represent work such as setting something up, configure a tool, or writing documentation. Its more open-ended than a story.